they are beautiful
they are strangers
but this
they should always make the game nice
but often they get as strange as the fans
and it's not just the goalkeepers who failed
sometimes it's better to hide
turn to not see
today I even pray that nothing went wrong
but there is no escape
our cameras were recording everything
and you do not have to rebel against them
the fans also towards their registration
maybe that's why the players cared so much about Cadiz
Sometimes it's better than having hair
that is, the hats
and the referees and assistants have escaped
in the america cup you have to be strong and have a strong nose too
is to sing aloud to be heard by all
is to check if everything is in place because many times
and to tie the laces always take off the good ones
it's time to say goodbye
the lights go out but there is still a doubt for villa
ten years old